Add documentation of supported OPs for QC backend. (#4577)
google-ai-edge/LiteRT: litert/vendors/qualcomm/compiler/Qualcomm_QNN_Compiler.md

| `kLiteRtQuantizationBlockWise` | **No** | Explicitly marked as unsupported. |
| `kLiteRtQuantizationNone` | **Yes** | |

## Supported Operations

The following `LiteRtOpCode` operations are supported. The "Note" column
provides the corresponding QNN operation it is legalized to.

| LiteRT Op Code | Note |
| :--- | :--- |
| `kLiteRtOpCodeTflAbs` | Legalized to `QNN_OP_ELEMENT_WISE_UNARY` (ABS). |
| `kLiteRtOpCodeTflAdd` | Legalized to `QNN_OP_ELEMENT_WISE_ADD`. Supports fused activation. |
| `kLiteRtOpCodeTflArgMax` | Legalized to `QNN_OP_ARGMAX`. |
| `kLiteRtOpCodeTflArgMin` | Legalized to `QNN_OP_ARGMIN`. |
| `kLiteRtOpCodeTflAveragePool2d` | Legalized to `QNN_OP_POOL_AVG_2D`. Supports fused activation. |
| `kLiteRtOpCodeTflBatchMatmul` | Legalized to `QNN_OP_MAT_MUL`. |
| `kLiteRtOpCodeTflBroadcastTo` | Legalized to `QNN_OP_ELEMENT_WISE_ADD` or `QNN_OP_ELEMENT_WISE_OR` with a static tensor. |
| `kLiteRtOpCodeTflCast` | Legalized to `QNN_OP_CAST`. |
| `kLiteRtOpCodeTflCeil` | Legalized to `QNN_OP_ELEMENT_WISE_UNARY` (CEIL). |
| `kLiteRtOpCodeTflConcatenation` | Legalized to `QNN_OP_CONCAT`. Supports fused activation. |

> | `kLiteRtOpCodeTflConv2d` | Legalized to `QNN_OP_CONV_2D`. Supports fused activation. Weights are transposed. |

Reviewer: ```
| `kLiteRtOpCodeTflConv2d` | Legalized to `QNN_OP_CONV_2D`. Supports fused activation. For data types other than `QNN_DATATYPE_UFIXED_POINT_8` and `QNN_DATATYPE_SFIXED_POINT_8`, weights are transposed using `QNN_OP_TRANSPOSE`. |
```

| `kLiteRtOpCodeTflCos` | Legalized to `QNN_OP_ELEMENT_WISE_COS`. |
| `kLiteRtOpCodeTflCumsum` | Legalized to `QNN_OP_CUMULATIVE_SUM`. |
| `kLiteRtOpCodeTflDepthToSpace` | Legalized to `QNN_OP_DEPTH_TO_SPACE`. |
| `kLiteRtOpCodeTflDepthwiseConv2d`| Legalized to `QNN_OP_DEPTH_WISE_CONV_2D`. Supports fused activation. Weights are reshaped. |
| `kLiteRtOpCodeTflDequantize` | Legalized to `QNN_OP_DEQUANTIZE` or `QNN_OP_CAST`. |
| `kLiteRtOpCodeTflDiv` | Legalized to `QNN_OP_ELEMENT_WISE_DIVIDE`. Supports fused activation. |
| `kLiteRtOpCodeTflDynamicUpdateSlice`| Legalized to a sequence of ops including `QNN_OP_REDUCE_SUM` and `QNN_OP_ELEMENT_WISE_SELECT`. |
| `kLiteRtOpCodeTflElu` | Legalized to `QNN_OP_ELEMENT_WISE_NEURON` (ELU). |
| `kLiteRtOpCodeTflEmbeddingLookup` | Legalized to `QNN_OP_GATHER`. |
| `kLiteRtOpCodeTflEqual` | Legalized to `QNN_OP_ELEMENT_WISE_BINARY` (EQUAL). |
| `kLiteRtOpCodeTflExp` | Legalized to `QNN_OP_ELEMENT_WISE_UNARY` (EXP). |
| `kLiteRtOpCodeTflFloor` | Legalized to `QNN_OP_ELEMENT_WISE_UNARY` (FLOOR). |
| `kLiteRtOpCodeTflFloorDiv` | Legalized to `QNN_OP_ELEMENT_WISE_BINARY` (FLOOR_DIV). |

> | `kLiteRtOpCodeTflFullyConnected` | Legalized to `QNN_OP_FULLY_CONNECTED`. HTP optimization may convert it to `QNN_OP_CONV_2D`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `kLiteRtOpCodeTflFullyConnected` | Legalized to `QNN_OP_FULLY_CONNECTED` and `QNN_OP_RESHAPE` if keep_num_dims = true. Supports fused activation.|
```
As for `QNN_OP_CONV_2D`, I think there are some issues with our current HTP optimization flag for `kLiteRtOpCodeTflFullyConnected`. I would prefer not to mention it here.
